Truncate the config_id to a single byte. (#381)
tlswg/draft-ietf-tls-esni: draft-ietf-tls-esni.md

: A `HpkeKeyConfig` structure carrying the configuration information associated
with the HPKE public key. Note that this structure contains the `config_id`

> field, which applies to the entire ECHConfigContents. Sites MUST NOT publish

Reviewer: "MUST NOT" -> "SHOULD NOT"? This sounds like it could be hard to enforce.

Author: Who are you thinking might enforce this? Clients? (I definitely don't feel strongly about the choice of word here.)

two different `ECHConfigContents` values with the same `HpkeKeyConfig` value.
The RECOMMENDED technique for choosing `config_id` is to choose a random byte.

> This process should be repeated if this config_id matches that of any existing
> (and valid) ECHConfig.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This process is repeated if this config_id matches that of any valid ECHConfig, which
could include any ECHConfig that has been recently removed from active use.
```

... or something along those lines.  I suspect that operations will want to avoid collisions over slightly longer timescales.
